Today's deliverance is for those that want to finish.
Wanting it to start and wanting to finish.
Whether it never likes it or not.
You shall finish that good and you have started.
Amen.
One thing is to start a good tax.
One thing is to start a good thing.
It might be in marriage.
You have started the process of marriage.
But you could not finish it.
You have started the project.
A house.
But you could not finish it.
You started a company.
You started a business.
The business collapsed halfway.
You could not finish that business.
You started a contract.
But you could not finish that contract.
after today's deliverance.
Every good thing that your hands have started.
You shall finish it.
I say your hands shall finish it.
In the name of just Christ.
So today deliverance is titled, I'm wanting to live foundation and to finish it.
Because we are going to be releasing anointing to finish.
Anointing to finish every good task.
Let's go quickly to Zachary.
Chapter.
Zachary 4.
Vaz.
Reach 8 and 9.
Zachary 4 from 8.
Moreover,
The war of the Lord came unto me, saying, the hands of the rebel.
The hands of the rebel have led the foundation of this house.
His hands shall also finish it.
Now, there are two things mentioned here.
Two parts, two stages.
the foundation lane and the world finishing level.
Many have started, but many could not finish it.
When God plans a vision in your life, he empowers you to finish it, but the devil attacks you not to finish that vision.
There are many people
with all fulfilled dreams.
There are many people with all fulfilled visions.
There are many people with all completed projects.
There are many people with dead visions.
There are many people with frustrated good desires.
There are many people
with dust hoop.
You must not give up because there is no progress now.
You must not give up because customers are not coming to your shop.
You must not give up because others are giving up.
You must not give up
Because you are facing financial difficulty, now you must not give up because you are stuck.
You must not give up because there is opposition and criticism in what you are doing.
There is opposition everywhere.
There is serious criticism in what you are, the good you are doing.
You decided to give up because they are criticizing you.
Because there is so much opposition to that good thing you are doing, you give up.
You must not give up because people don't appreciate what you are doing.
Many will not appreciate.
Even though they don't appreciate, as far as God appreciates, that is the most important.
Shout to Elia.
as long as God appreciates it.
Because many will not appreciate.
Remember, when we opened Komputa Lening Center in Bundu, what a sight.
Because how did you open it?
I went to Bundu and I saw a lot of young men with bad bodies
In the afternoon, doing nothing, just walking about around, 10 in the morning.
I saw a lot of young girls, moving up and down, doing nothing.
And I was amazed.
I said, what is really wrong?
Because those young men and young women, they don't have anything to do.
That is why they are roaming about.
I decided to open a free computer training center in Punta Waterside.
When I opened it, some of those young men and young women started going there to learn computer.
When they learn computer, how to repair computer, how to install software, how to build software, I'm assuming others.
When they finish learning, certificates is given to them full of charge.
You must not give up because you are fashion
financial difficult, you must not give up because there is opposition and criticism.
You must not give up because people want to.
People don't appreciate.
You can threaten to frustrate them, but you cannot give up.
After that one, even though there was no appreciation,
Opium of open more computer centers in different locations.
We are serving the Almighty God.
How is the Almighty God?
He is the Alpha and what?
What is the meaning of Alpha and Omega?
Alpha means beginning, and Omega means the end.
So if we are image of Alpha and Omega, we are meant to start and finish.
I'd profess that.
Every good thing your hand has started.
You shall finish it in an emergency.
You should finish it in the name of Jesus.
The Bible says, Zerupe Bezhan have laid the foundation.
His hands, not his leg, his hands have laid the foundation and his hands shall finish it.
Amen?
Our hands are symbolic.
Your hands stand for work.
Your hands stand for level.
So but the lane of the foundation and the finishing involve work.
And what do you do with the work?
How do you use the work through your hands?
So your hands is a very important aspect of your success in life, in ministry, in anything you're doing.
Shout out to Leah.
Now let's look at
Some things that are required to lay the foundation.
The little who look at things that are required to finish the foundation.
Number one, things that are required.
Commitment, personal commitment.
Personal commitment.
Because every fulfilled intention must require
Commitment.
Every vision requires best now commitment from your own part.
God can show you in vision.
But if you are not diligent, if you are not hardworking, if you are lazy, that vision will not come to pass.
You might be diligent.
You might be hardworking.
There is nowhere in the Bible that approves laziness.
Shout out to Elia.
A diligent person does not progress net.
It is what you're supposed to do today.
You're moving for tomorrow.
You do it that time.
And get it done.
And get the results.
Shout out to Elia.
The enhance of Zerubabe was not lazy.
It was working.
I prophesied.
Because your hands
I walk in.
You shall live foundation and finish that foundation.
Now, when you live foundation, some important things that are required.
Visual.
You must have a clap vision, a clap picture.
Let me put it like this.
Let me use the lemons all the way.
A clap picture of the end.
of that in your present living.
You are learning, if additional, there's nothing there.
What you must have a vivid picture of that thing which you are about to embark on in picture of the house.
If it's marriage, you are going to run marriage.
You must have a picture of 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, 40 years in that marriage.
So if you are going into marriage because of beauty, remember in the next 20 years, that woman will not look like that again.
So there will be something that age cannot change, that is
the thing that's making you to go into that marriage.
That's different to you, 50 years.
That thing is there.
Clap a shot of that thing you are going to, because marriage is like a foundation.
It grows.
Two of you grow together and have children.
Shout out to Heluia.
If you are starting a company,
You have a picture of in the next five years, how far this company will go?
In the next 30 years, how far this company will go?
Shout, Allelea.
So you must have a vision of what that foundation really
in the next 10, 20, 30 years.
Let me tell you, any business, relationship that is led in the wrong foundation, most collapse.
So, foundation lane is very, very important in business.
relationship, foundation.
That is why if you are single you are going to marriage, bring a detritu.
Amen.
It's just that I saw my number of the television and called me and was crying on the phone.
She said,
She had been married for 20 years.
And God has blessed Him and the husband with two beautiful children.
But there was a secret.
She did not tell the husband.
There was a young man that was in their family that she did not tell the man that that thing is his son when she was in school.
And the young man let that live with them for so many years.
Then one day, one of the uncle, they had problems, so the uncle now revealed.
This is the lifestyle.
And the man said, you can't keep this for many years.
He said, but I have pleaded with him, we have money, we have a blessing.
But the foundation, the man has left heart in the house.
Move that.
If you want a lasting blessing, the foundation will be led in truth.
If you want a short blessing, then you can lead with lies, because it will collapse.
Why you see opium is spreading like wildfire, because the foundation
I say this and I'm saying it on television.
If you are a pastor, how you started your church is by going to break another person's church.
Maybe they send you as a pastor, maybe you are a pastor in a particular church.
Then maybe you were posted to help a branch or maybe you are in that particular branch and suddenly
You break, you start telling lies about your mother's church.
You get to bring wash the members there.
There from there, carry the members and go open the church.
You are a thief.
You will not last.
Because it is lit on falsehood.
My joy, which opium is that, opium,
I left my first four years before starting opium.
I didn't even want to be a pastor.
I wanted to travel America.
For four years, I was struggling for visa.
God say you must do my work.
Shout out to Leah.
So what am I trying to say?
What if I do?
You must lay that foundation.
You must lay a godly foundation.
Godly.
Good foundation, so that it will last.
Because any house built on sand, more sink.
But when it's built on the rock, it will stand the test of time.
Shout, Alleluia.
Now what do you need to lay a solid foundation?
You need total estimates.
The Bible says, which man is it?
Who wants to build the house?
Who first sit down and check out the cost?
What would it take me to complete it?
Shout out, Elia.
What is the cost?
So I don't get stuck along the way.
What are your priorities?
Do you put human being first, then God?
Or you put money first, then God?
What do you put first?
Once you put God first in everything, that thing must succeed.
Shout, Alleluia.
What do you need to lay solid foundation?
You must have a plan of action.
What is your plan of action?
Hit and face the plan, plan to fail.
If you don't plan, you fail.
You must plan.
Sit down.
Calculate.
How do I do it?
How do I go this way?
Is it this way?
How will I do it?
Who do I need?
Shout out Leah.
You plan.
You must plan.
He that fails to plan, plans to fail.
What is it to lay a solid foundation?
Courage to start.
What is courage?
Courage is to bully confront your fear.
But in your fear, you bully confront it.
You want to be courageous.
To start.
Am I sure I'm good to finish it?
Deal with your fear.
And do your fear.
Shout Alleluia.
Confront your fear.
Godly.
With presenting God.
Shout Alleluia.
For the past two weeks or so or three weeks now.
rain hadn't fallen consistently.
And when we wanted to put this canopy, because we did the process by the yesterday, if we put canopy, it would be so much.
And because children, we had so much.
So it means the whole field will cover our canopy.
So I already
God used us, one of our sisters, it paid for four cannabis.
I said, we just need only four.
And I said, ah, one of the kids, I said, no, no, no, four.
Because I have a covenant with God.
God lost me.
Shout out to Elia.
And God, we don't want to fall in my hand.
Just imagine, if rain has fallen yesterday, where will all those children run to?
Even my house is a man cannot contain, because these children are so many.
Shout out to you, Leah.
The better was been streaming.
It was trimmed life all over the world on internet.
As the bad day is going on, Mommy in America was watching it, everybody watching, at the same time, real life.
Shout, hallelujah.
Now, we have dealt with foundation playing.
Now, what do you need to
complete that foundation.
Number one, to finish what you have started, you need focus.
Focus.
What is focus is on divided adaptation.
You put all your focus.
If you are always changing your focus,
Then you will not finish.
You focus on this, you focus on this, you focus on this, then you will not finish it.
What is focus?
Focus is not being jack of all trade, master of none.
A lot of people, why they have not been able to achieve their goal is because they are jack of all trade, master of none.
They are doing so many things,
at the same time.
I've shared this testimony before, but let me share it again.
The first house I rented ever, because when I went to Lagos, I lived under the bridge.
From under the bridge, I squatted.
I squatted where we're about 12 in a room.
So everybody, once night reached, where value, nobody has a permanent position.
So if you come back early, you put your, you wear your position.
Shout out to Elia.
So my first house I rated, I was so excited.
And I rated the house.
So I, the category, I said, please, I need to print the house.
So the category gave me a painting.
One guy, his name is Ola.
So he came,
painted the house as he was painting it so the rest are falling.
And I found out that about two players, three players, there was a small drop of rain.
But, but, but, but, ah, I said, what kind of alternatives?
This man did not tell me, say this place, they look.
What do I do?
Okay, please.
You need to inform Chantecalecan, bring Capenta so that they can repair this.
The man told me, I'm a Capenta.
I said, no, you're not the capital of your printer.
I said, no, I'm a carpenter, I'm a electrician, and I'm also a painter.
I said, really?
Yes.
It's OK. Well, I'll find out.
So when the rain stopped drizzling, a climb up, check the places.
I said, just try a place.
They need to change tracing.
So I gave him money.
He changed it.
I packed mine.
It's the most small property I don't buy.
That I'm excited.
But no foam, this foam, no?
I moved in two weeks later.
That was rain.
The whole roof was leaking.
Jack of all trades, master of money.
Focus on what you are meant to do.
And the mechanic that you meet, said, please, what can you do?
He said, I repair all cars.
Run away.
You can not repair our cars.
You must be professional in a particular, if it's pocho, if it's Japanese, if it's Mercedes.
Focus.
Shout out loud.
When you are doing something with that focus, it's like
a football match without a good post.
So what is your mission?
What is your vision?
Is it not a score goal?
All the dribbling of a coach, or dribble, dribble, dribble.
So when you don't score goal, it's useless.
OPM is deliverance.
Become God brought this church to live bread, to deliver and to rest of the people that the devil have held captive.
for so many years.
That is why God have directed me to do this program seven such days to get pregnant.
I think today is the first, is it?
Yesterday is the first day of the deliverance and many things are happening.
The last time we did this program, so many people became pregnant.
And that's why God directed me for us to do it again.
It's the continent in seven such days to get pregnant.
We have done four days remaining and many days.
three days.
And God showed me that so many we become pregnant.
And that is why this Saturday, this coming Saturday, the Lord have directed at husband and wife that are coming.
Please husband, not leave the thing.
My wife go.
Now you get the problem.
No, the Lord have directed me that husband and wife should come.
We are having uniform.
That is, even though there must be the same thing, either the top or the down.
Get some uniform or put up and down, the same.
They'll come together and they come with baby clothes.
If you want baby girl, you get the baby girl clothes.
If one baby boy, you get the baby boy clothes.
If one twist, you come with twin clothes.
There is good to be raw delivery on this Saturday.
So many people will get pregnant, that same Saturday.
I don't tell people this to excite them.
I tell them what God have directed me to do.
It's a gift.
I've never fasted all of them.
For one day, they say, all of them, I need power.
I was born with this power.
It's that.
It's the gift.
And my job is to use it to liberate, to restore.
Many shall be restored this afternoon.
For no reason, don't miss it.
Shout out to Elia.
Today, we are doing deliverance of our hands.
Because many hands are in captive.
Many hands are in trouble.
Many hands are cost.
Many hands are in bondage.
Today, we are doing deliverance of our hands.
Let us stand up.
It doesn't take good a year to change your life.
It takes good a second to change your life.
I don't care how people are looking at you now.
I don't care this shambly I be facing.
If I be a man of God,
Yes, it was a moustache.
In the name of Jesus.
Him standing by the door with fire in his eyes.